Heller you glorious God no tears because I felt like switching in other bits are God as He is of God.
People just saw this video in this video with a look at texture progress notes.
What we're doing is we're starting both the gooey and this idea of suspicion what's going to happen
with the guards and the cameras see us.
So let's talk briefly about what can happen.
Here we are in God.
And what's going to happen is when I walk into the camera we can have this thing called suspicion.
If the suspicion goes up the player will see that he gets to a maximum level.
The game's over if you step out of the light that suspicion will drop.
Now in this video we're not going to code that change.
We're just gonna set the stage for.
So let's start making gooey so brand new scene back to make new scenes and it makes no sense.
And our root node is going to be a canvas layer y canvas layer because I don't want to move around the
screen.
It's going to stick to the view ports were always going to see within the canvas layer.
I want a child node and I'm going back to our good friend nine patch wrecked so we can have a nine patch
rectangle which I'm put down here in the bottom right.
The first is give the texture is not a scene graphics interface PRNG and I'm off pick one of the glass
textures because I'm going in the bottom right.
I'm thinking this one with the corner lopped off the top left.
So Angela drag that into the texture.
And um to give it a decent size.
Let's for now just drag it out to about that looks good and take a look at the size.
All three hundred by 150 almost exactly.
That sounds pretty good.
So right now I have this nine patch rectangle.
It's in the wrong place.
I want it down here.
I'm gonna click on the patch rectangle get a layout and actually hit bottom right now it's on the bottom
right corner a remain have a Slayer to a.
Save this as a new scene.
Go back to my level and I'm an instant sit in.
I don't need it to be a child of the camera because it's a canvas.
So I was already on the viewport salacious instance in a new scene guly.
And you can see it over here.
But don't worry.
It should be the bottom right of the camel me alive.
Pressplay.
And there it is.
And because I've got it set to the bottom right when I resize the screen it's always in the bottom right.
However I get it right on the edge like that that doesn't feel good to me.
I'll give it a little bit of marginson back to the gooing click on my patch rect and let's give it a
margin so in margin I'd say maybe I would think 20 pixels so negative 20 pixels from the right.
Negative 20 pixels from the bottom and you'll see it's actually re sized again so if I want to I can
drag it out this way.
Let's take a look.
Pressplay.
And we have a little bit of a gap there.
Great.
Now I'm using my patch rectangle but I haven't actually set it up so we zoom in you see it's very blurry.
Not a problem.
We know how to do that.
We're going up to patch margins within nine patch rectangle.
Let's look at the patch margin and let's give it a 12 12 looks pretty good.
We don't need it to be much bigger and 12 because that's 12 pixels from the left about here.
If we keep going it's not going to make any noticeable difference.
If you want to you can set it to 40.
It'll look exactly the same which tells me that the value is useless after a certain point.
It's looking pretty good.
I to rename name patch rectangle.
I'm going to call it suspicion meter container.
Why.
Because we have several elements in the guly.
By the time the Games finished we can have an area for loot.
If were carrying it we can have an optional one for objectives if you wanted and we're going to have
a place that counts how many disguises we have.
That's right by the end of the game we're going to have dyskinesias we can use specifically we're going
to disguise ourselves as boxes because that's traditional stuff go.
We now have a pretty good looking.
Little container here because we've told you at the bottom right and it's anchored correctly wherever
I Reece's the screen to or however resize the screen that's going to look OK.
This next bit take me about six takes because I keep saying suspicion meter container wrong.
So maybe I don't want to call it suspicion me to container let's call it suspicion container.
His eyes my suspicion.
I think it is.
Let's find out.
I guess we have this lovely little girly element here.
Let's put some stuff in it.
So what I want is the word suspicion on the left and some sort of progress indicator on the right.
So start by making a centre container.
What I'm doing this so the whatever putting it in is going to be centred within this box.
This will be important later.
So let's do the lay out and make this fall rectangle.
OK.
So now whatever elements we put as a child of centre container will be centred here within this.
I'm going to use a split container.
Now whatever we put in here is going to split horizontally.
So the first thing will be the left.
Second thing would be to the right of that.
And the more things we add the more it'll try and fit in.
You'll notice right now by the way it's got nothing in there.
It'll fill it.
Don't worry.
Let's put it in a new child label of a split container and that's going to be a label and would put
a theme for our labels.
Let's load our theme I'm using label by the way because we said that to be a smaller text and white
as opposed to a rich text label which will be in black I white will look better against this background.
Alice give us Tex So suspicion.
Great.
Next back to the container and I'm going to add a texture progress texture.
Progress is a special kind of node you touch.
You give it a couple of different textures or three textures if you're feeling really fancy and it knows
which one is zero and which one is full.
And then it'll move between them.
So let's use texture progress.
I'll show you what I mean.
First went to load in a texture so let's press textures and use these dots were all they do.
Here they are.
I won't use these dots my under texture is what zero looks like so let's use dot shadow for this my
progress texture is going to be red.
You'll notice by the way nothing is changed.
I'm not using over at all.
If you wanted to use some sort of overlay that's how you use.
Right now I'm not using it but if you want to do that's where you do it.
Right now our minimum zero hour maximum is a hundred and step is one so it knows that every time we
add anything at it by 1.
So if I type 50 it's half full.
If I type 25 It's a quarter wet full and I don't know 80.
No way.
Now if I press play.
You can see what this looks like.
So at zero it's going to be all the way to the left and it forces me away there.
I also have this nice little split that I should probably hide let's hide that it's got a bit container.
Click on mouse.
Well just to ignore what that means is when to press play again the mouse isn't going to see that container.
Now this is great but I'm not looking for a left to right progression I come like a clockwise progression
and to do that I no my texture progress and right here foulmouthed you have all these options.
So left to right right to left top to bottom.
I want clockwise.
So this is 80 percent.
Yeah that's great.
Now you will notice that while they succeed in game because when any detection code and even if I walk
up to these lamps right now it doesn't know what this control does.
I'm standing in the red light nothing's happening.
What if I want to see what this looks like a various values.
If I go to the inspector and type in 25.
The game doesn't update Here's how you make it update first go to the debug menu and WC sync scene changes
and sync script changes sync script changes would be if I wanted to change something in the script and
see what looks like an Life game I'd use that.
I want to see will happen if I change anything in the scenery when inspectors on a sync scene changes.
And now I'm looking again at 25.
Is 25 percent but 50 50 percent.
If I type 100 that's full and zero loops and zero is zero.
Fantastic.
So that brings us to the challenge.
I'd like you to set of your own version of suspicion to.
Feel free to use the same settings.
We have the play around with it first.
Maybe you want left to right or bottom to top.
Maybe you don't want circles.
Maybe you want I don't know icons.
Feel free to use your own texture's but set an under and a progress texture and then share your progress
with the community.
Maybe you want your goofy to be in a different place.
Personalize.
Let's make this your game so pause the video and when you come back I'll wrap up this video.
And what Welcome back in this video we looked at how to make texture progress notes work.
They're great fantastic for health bars stamina bars or suspicion meters.
We've also looked at how to change inspector values and see the changes in a life game.
So great work and are suing the next video.